Give an example of uploading policy set version (#1385)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/policy-sets.html.md

The `upload` link URL in the above response is valid for one hour after creation. Make a `PUT` request to this URL directly, sending the policy set contents in `tar.gz` format as the request body. Once uploaded successfully, you can request the [Show Policy Set](#show-a-policy-set) endpoint again to verify that the status has changed from `pending` to `ready`.

## Upload Policy Set Versions

`PUT https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/<UNIQUE OBJECT ID>`

**The URL is provided in the `upload` attribute in the `policy-set-versions` resource.**

### Sample Request

> **@filename is the name of the policy set version file you wish to upload.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `policy-set.tar.gz` is the local filename of the policy set version file to upload.
```
